Enhance documentation regarding internal icinga config sync check (#10101)
Icinga/icinga2: doc/10-icinga-template-library.md

### icinga <a id="itl-icinga"></a>

> Check command for the built-in `icinga` check. This check returns performance data for the current Icinga instance,
> reports as warning if the last reload/config-sync failed and optionally allows for minimum version checks.
> 
> For the config sync check to work this must be executed on Satellites/Agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check command for the built-in `icinga` check. This check returns performance data for the current Icinga instance,
reports as warning if the last reload or config sync failed and optionally allows for minimum version checks.

For the config sync check to work, it must be run on the satellite or agent.
```
